The President:
Hi, everybody.
About a year ago, I
promised that 2014
would be a breakthrough
year for America.
And this week, we got more
evidence to back that up.
In December, our businesses
created 240,000 new jobs.
The unemployment
rate fell to 5.6%.
That means that 2014
was the strongest
year for job growth
since the 1990s.
In 2014, unemployment
fell faster than
it has in three decades.
Over a 58-month streak,
our businesses have
created 11.2
million new jobs.
After a decade of decline,
American manufacturing
is in its best stretch of
job growth since the '90s.
America is now the world's
number one producer of oil
and gas, helping to save
drivers about a buck-ten
a gallon at the pump over
this time last year.
Thanks to the
Affordable Care Act,
about 10 million Americans
have gained health insurance
in the past year alone.
We have cut our deficits
by about two-thirds.
And after 13 long
years, our war
in Afghanistan has come
to a responsible end,
and more of our brave
troops have come home.
It has been six years
since the crisis.
Those years have demanded
hard work and sacrifice
on everybody's part.
So as a country, we have
every right to be proud
of what we've got
to show for it.
America's
resurgence is real.
And now that we've got
some calmer waters,
if we all do our part,
if we all pitch in,
we can make sure that tide
starts lifting all boats again.
We can make sure that the
middle class is the engine
that powers America's
prosperity for decades to come.
That'll be the focus of my
State of the Union Address
in a couple weeks - building
on the progress we've made.
But I figured, why wait -
let's get started right now.
On Wednesday, I visited a Ford
plant outside of Detroit -
because the American
auto industry and its
home state are redefining
the word "comeback."
On Thursday, I
traveled to Arizona,
a state that was hit among
the hardest by the housing
crisis, to announce a new
plan that will put hundreds
of dollars in new
homeowners' pockets,
and help more new families
buy their first home.
And, I'm speaking
with you today from
Pellissippi State Community
College in Tennessee,
a state making big
strides in education,
to unveil my new plan
to make two years
of community college free for
every responsible student.
I'm also here to establish
a new hub that will
attract more good-paying,
high-tech manufacturing jobs
to our shores.
Making homeownership
easier.
Bringing a higher
education within reach.
Creating more good jobs
that pay good wages.
These are just some of
the ways we can help
every American get ahead
in the new economy.
And there's more to come.
Because America
is coming back.
And I want to go
full speed ahead.
Thanks, everybody, and
have a great weekend.